make the tower hair change that happened
thus existed of the violet veil for a
what time am I doing we release
now we talk about the last area of ​​the topic
of your inheritance family daughter of
carradine Italy List and others of
talent and the truth that you showed it
an awesome voice dances is
incredible you have to dance and sing
but if it was good it was very good
enjoy more than I thought it gives you
enjoy so it was very good
because this week demi lovato if of my
complicated very played but well let's
see what happens the most popular topic of the
rauch's most popular movie
let's see how the anchor week was
tours had the pronunciation of it
how the pronunciation is also removed
facilitate the voice
the resonances is where you're going
vibrate the voice first you will vibrate here
read this the second part goes almost everything
the chest
do not close your eyes
does not have
because you feel does not mean that
close your eyes we are with this you
like the theme
let's remember this topic of the
winning film frozen man
in the sky
America
it goes from a thousand to higüey
good and has platforms 18
well let's say goodbye then angela
towers and welcome to demi
lovato
the ico
love
he gave merit home
bye
yes
that's why it's said
here
she
do not
m
storm
espinoza
Yes Yes
boy
end of this year
we want to make my lobato
and the theme of the movies browser
the most successful movie in history
of rock
can be divided into the snow that happened in
your house when you said I'm going to your face
it sounds and all that let's say so many artists
glory will your mom
marcelo tower your daddy say tower your uncle
in agreement
Mr. Enrique pinti how he saw the
small angels small towers in age and
small in stature
talent I am a fan of frozen
xavi three times
in English so I have the subject
absolutely
I imagine
It is a perfect ideal princess because
is in the ideal physical total roll
wonderful and with a trial tuning
of bullets so I love
also
I look at the medium that the future that the
future of this is incredible because they are
very young they are very young and like
suddenly it 's for more on stage
a lot of things that you have inside and not
a subject reaches you only the truth you have
done very well I congratulate you have many
things
Black what do you think of frozen
to me strikes me that at 15
years this voice that one is changing with
the time that is so placed and so
pure so perfect and that I get to those
incredible tones you excited or is
that it's not just a technique that
transmitis is exactly what we want
see that your face on our face does not
single
of the mind
as always walks slowly
is knowing are travolta very well is
good if you're